Project: Blood Bank Management System using PHP/MySQLi with Source Code

About
The Blood Bank Management System is a simple PHP/MySQLi project that manages blood inventory in a certain blood bank. The system only allows the blood bank's management to access the data because the system focuses only on the data management or the inventory of the blood availability in a certain blood bank. This system stores the list of donors, blood donations, requests and handed over requested blood. The blood donations list in this system will serve as the receiving or the process where we can update the volume availability of blood in each blood group. The requested feature in this system will serve as the record of requested blood for a certain patient, which is requesting for specific blood with a specific volume data will be submitted ord inputted in this process. The handed over list are the records of handed over blood request, which means in this process updates the available volume of each blood group.

Features
Login Page
The page where the system users will submit their system credentials to access the system data.
Home Page
​​​​​​​The page where the system users will be redirected after logging into the blood bank management system. This page displays the available volume of each blood group and also displays the system data summary.
Donors Page
​​​​​​​The page where all donors are listed and managed.
Blood Donations Page
​​​​​​​The page where the donated blood is listed and managed. The system feature that updating the available volume of the blood stocks.
Requests Page
​​​​​​​The page where all blood requests are listed and managed.
Handed Over Page
​​​​​​​The page where all given blood or handed over blood requests are listed and managed.
Users Page
​​​​​​​The page where can system admin user manages the list the system users.
How to Run
Download the source code and extract the zip file.
Download or set up any local web server that runs PHP script.
Open the web-server database and create a new database name it car_rental_db.
Import the SQL file located in the database folder of the source code.
Copy and paste the source code to the location where your local web server accessing your local projects. Example for XAMPP('C:\xampp\htdocs')
Open a web browser and browse the project. E.g [http://localhost/car-rental-management-system] for the client-side and [http://localhost/car-rental-management-system/admin] for the admin/staff side.
Admin Default Access
Username: admin

Password: admin123

I hope this simple Blood Bank Management System project will help you with what you are looking for. Feel free to download the source code. Take note that this simple project is more likely a database management system or inventory management system.

Explore more on this website for more source codes and tutorials.

Enjoy!